docs(reference/config): add component index and agent/contributor guide (#384)
aklivity/zilla-docs: src/reference/config/overview.md

Unconditional `exit` binding acting as a default if none of the conditional routes are viable.

#### Typical Pipeline Order

> Bindings are chained from outermost to innermost. A typical HTTP-Kafka stack looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bindings are chained from client-facing to server-facing, i.e. the order in which a client would encounter them as protocols flow through the pipeline.

A typical HTTP-Kafka stack looks like:
```

```text

> tcp server → tls server → http server → http-kafka proxy → kafka cache_client → kafka cache_server → kafka client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tcp server → tls server → http server → http-kafka proxy → kafka cache_client → kafka cache_server → kafka client → tls client → tcp client
```
